Now we're not just limited to using primitive values as default parameters we can also use things like
for example functions or more specifically whatever a function returns.
So in this case I'll make a new function and call it foo.
And then all it's going to do is return a value.
So now I need to define net values in this case.
I'm just going to set it to a simple number like five then I'll make a new function called Bar and it'll
have a first parameter and a second parameter and for the second parameter I'll give it a default value
of whatever food returns.
In this case a variable which in this case will evaluate to 5.
So it's pretty intricate pretty nice.
And then I'm just going to do a concert or log and it's going to be a template literal and I'm going
to do a substitution.
So in this case I'll do the first parameter and then I'll go down in the next line and I'll do the second
parameter like so after that.
Throw on your semi colon as always.
And after that if I call 23 and then load it out you're going to see that out missed my semi colon you'll
see that it actually loads in 23 and then 5 which is pretty cool.
And then if I reload this you're going to see it continues to load out 5 which is a really nice behavior.
That means that this isn't going to be too dynamic.
It's going to continue to save the same reference so in this case the second parameter for this particular
function invocation will be five every time.
But if I copy this and throw it down here and throw another one down you're going to see that it will
continue to increment.
If I do this.
So in this case sort of go six seven eight.
But you notice that it doesn't go up after this first one so every time I reload this it's always six
seven eight.
That pattern never changes.
So in this case even though I'm incrementing the value for this particular function call the second
parameter is always going to equal 6.
No matter how many times I recall the same function which is very nice because obviously that makes
sense because every time the javascript engine reads this initially this value is set to 5 and then
the function is invoked for the first time.
And so it goes through and it sees that didn't pass in a second argument.
And so this function returning value is going to be used as the default parameter and it's incremented
to six every time.
So it makes a lot of sense.
Now with that being said another thing we could also do that's pretty interesting is instead of using
this function right here what it could do is I could just use first.
So I can literally use my first parameter as a default value for my second parameter which I know is
pretty wild right.
So as you can see it's 23 23 23 23 and on top of that.
Another thing I can do is this.
Check this out.
So what I'll do is all receive my Param as an argument and then after that I'm going to take the param
and add it to the variable because just why not add them together like so then all I'm going to do is
take this default parameter and I'm going to pass it into foo.
So as you can see you can actually do a lot with this.
In this case I'm using this function returning value or whatever it returns as a default parameter value
and I'm passing in my first parameter as its argument and then I take that argument added together with
this variable and then return it.
So in this case you're going to see it ends up being 28 because obviously five plus 23 is 28.
And then if I change it's 22 here to be 27 there I changed three.
It'll be something like 8 right there.
So a lot of really cool things that you can do with the fault parameter values.
You're not at all limited to just using primitive values.
In fact just remember though that whenever you are using something like whatever a function returns
as a default parameter value make sure to include your parentheses because if you don't and you just
include this right here you're actually using a reference to the function as a default parameter value
instead of using whatever the function returns as the default parameter value.
So remember your parentheses.